add an explicit latched property for republishers (#17)
inorbit-ai/ros_inorbit_samples: inorbit_republisher/README.md

These values will be published as latched and delivered only once every time a subscriber connects to the republisher.

## Publishing latched values

> Republishing latched topics requires a special treatment to make sure that the agent receives data properly (this case is prone to subscription issues depending on nodes startup timing). To achieve this, add a flag to the input topic config indicating that it is latched:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Republishing latched topics requires a special treatment to make sure that all latched messages, from each mapping defined, get published when a new subscriber connects to the output topic (this case is prone to subscription issues depending on nodes startup timing). To achieve this, add a flag to the input topic config indicating that it is latched:
```
